Jeremy is the coolest guy I know!
The bird had a belief that it was really a groundhog.
He was surprised that his immense laziness was inspirational to others.
Her hair was windswept as she rode in the black convertible.
While all her friends were positive that Mary had a sixth sense, she knew she actually had a seventh sense.
A quiet house is nice until you are ordered to stay in it for months.
Red is greener than purple, for sure.
She opened up her third bottle of wine of the night.
She works two jobs to make ends meet; at least, that was her reason for not having time to join us.
Warm beer on a cold day isn't my idea of fun.
Don't piss in my garden and tell me you're trying to help my plants grow.
The beach was crowded with snow leopards.
He didn't heed the warning and it had turned out surprisingly well.
He used to get confused between soldiers and shoulders, but as a military man, he now soldiers responsibility.
He was all business when he wore his clown suit.
The golden retriever loved the fireworks each Fourth of July.
Please put on these earmuffs because I can't you hear.
Two more days and all his problems would be solved.
He said he was not there yesterday; however, many people saw him there.
My Mum tries to be cool by saying that she likes all the same things that I do.
When motorists sped in and out of traffic, all she could think of was those in need of a transplant.
The old rusted farm equipment surrounded the house predicting its demise.
He turned in the research paper on Friday; otherwise, he would have not passed the class.
The rusty nail stood erect, angled at a 45-degree angle, just waiting for the perfect barefoot to come along.
The child’s favorite Christmas gift was the large box her father’s lawnmower came in.
The father handed each child a roadmap at the beginning of the 2-day road trip and explained it was so they could find their way home.
After coating myself in vegetable oil I found my success rate skyrocketed.
Before he moved to the inner city, he had always believed that security complexes were psychological.
A glittering gem is not enough.
They say people remember important moments in their life well, yet no one even remembers their own birth.
The river stole the gods.
Plans for this weekend include turning wine into water.
The chic gangster liked to start the day with a pink scarf.
Iguanas were falling out of the trees.
It turns out you don't need all that stuff you insisted you did.
We should play with legos at camp.
The spa attendant applied the deep cleaning mask to the gentleman’s back.
The two walked down the slot canyon oblivious to the sound of thunder in the distance.
Dan took the deep dive down the rabbit hole.
Twin 4-month-olds slept in the shade of the palm tree while the mother tanned in the sun.
They throw cabbage that turns your brain into emotional baggage.
I really want to go to work, but I am too sick to drive.
He uses onomatopoeia as a weapon of mental destruction.
Standing on one's head at job interviews forms a lasting impression.
It doesn't sound like that will ever be on my travel list.
Jim liked driving around town with his hazard lights on.
When I cook spaghetti, I like to boil it a few minutes past al dente so the noodles are super slippery.
He set out for a short walk, but now all he could see were mangroves and water were for miles.
The furnace repairman indicated the heating system was acting as an air conditioner.
The tour bus was packed with teenage girls heading toward their next adventure.
